I'm currently strapped into a lie
detector machine for the first time in
my life this is measuring my pulse this
is measuring my breathing this is
measuring my sweat we're starting off
with a control question just to make
sure it works is your name Aaron maning
yes yeah he pass that one do you click
like on your own videos yes that seems
true I'm already getting exposed is Mr
Beast a nice person in real life yes
that's true are you really building the
world's biggest iPhone I think so oh
dear you don't seem sure I'm trying to
Playstation Xbox or Nintendo Nintendo
unfortunately dated Hardware but way
more fun yeah that's true have you ever
faked a
review no that's true few can't believe
you guys are doing with like this iPhone
or Android
God I have had a better experience with
iPhone over the last couple of years
graph says iPhone but your heart rate
says Android that's inconclusive